Add JWT info to sensuctl auth descriptions (#2997)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/6.2/api/auth.md

In the following example, an HTTP POST request is submitted to the `/auth/token` API endpoint to generate a valid access token.
The request includes the refresh token in the request body and returns a successful HTTP `200 OK` response along with the new access token.

The access and refresh tokens are [JSON Web Tokens (JWTs)][2].

> Sensu uses access and refresh tokens to digitally sign the details of users' authenticated Sensu sessions.

Reviewer: The tokens themselves are signed, and contain details of the user's authenticated sessions. These details cannot be changed without invalidating the signature, rendering the token useless.

> Sensu uses access and refresh tokens to digitally sign the details of users' authenticated Sensu sessions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sensu issues access and refresh tokens to record the details of users' authenticated Sensu sessions. These tokens are digitally signed by the backend, and can't be changed without invalidating the signature.
```
